# Meeting Notes 03/12/2020

### Participants
* Nina (this week’s chairman)
* Simcha
* Ivan (last week’s chairman)
* Dimitar
* Jorian 
* Waded

### Approval of the Agenda

## Points of action
* Nina: implement the Food Microservice
* Waded: implement the Food Microservice
* Simcha: implement the Authentication Microservice
* Ivan: Implement the API gateway
* Dimitar: Assist with the Authentication Microservice
* Jorian: Implement the House Microservice 

#### Login for Project Database:
Host

| **Host**     | projects-db.ewi.tudelft.nl |
| ------------ | -------------------------- |
| **Port**     | 3306                       |
| **Username** | pu\_SEM-Group52            |
| **Password** | PTfGAitogWFQ               |

User Database @ projects.ewi.tudelft.nl

| **Host**     | projects.ewi.tudelft.nl |
| ------------ | -------------------------- |
| Database name | projects\_SEMGROUP52 |
| Username      | pu\_SEMGROUP52 |
| Password      | BOPGjmJ9LRPN |

### Organization
* Do we have a running demo and does it run?
* Not yet :(
* Authentication can be demo’ed. Instructions for testing login can be found in MR!17, I’ve tagged everyone on it.

![](https://simchavos.com/images/dimitar_schema.PNG)

Dimitar API integration schema

![](https://simchavos.com/images/SQL_wb_database_model.png)

Food microservice database model


## Sprint Retrospective
For the retrospective timetable check [the retrospective document](../retrospectives/20201203-sprint-retrospective.md)!
## Points of action until next Week
* ASAP: push everything functional to Master!
* Finish the functionality, so we can finish up the last things
* Unify the weights
  * 50 - Essential, basic functionality. (must haves) Other issues might be dependent on it.
  * 40 - Important functionality, no other issue is dependent on it.
  * 30 - The program might run without this feature, but it shouldn’t
  * 20 - Should have functionality, not urgent and has no code that depends on it.
  * 10 - Extra, can be done when there is extra time (could haves)
* Add done label
* Add estimated time to issue, also give them better titles
* Reorganize repo
* Push notification to the Git

## Finalizing

### Questions for the TA

### Any other business

### Question round

### Next Chairman: 

