# Meeting Notes 25/11/2020

### Participants
* Nina
* Simcha
* * Ivan (this week’s chairman)
* Dimitar
* Jorian (last week’s chairman)
* Waded

### Approval of the Agenda

## Points of action
* Nina: Implemented ‘User’ class and tests for this class
* Simcha: Fixed requirement document and added javadoc, edited Dimitar’s models
* Ivan: Added annotations
* Dimitar: Set up local environment for database tests, connected the database with our application, created ‘Student House’ and ‘Storage’ classes
* Waded: Created ‘Food’ class and added test for it
* Jorian: Database model

### Do we have a running demo and does it run?
Not yet :(

## Sprint retrospective
For the retrospective timetable check [the retrospective document](../retrospectives/20201125-sprint-retrospective.md)!

## Points of action for next week
* Create a Sprint Retrospective

* Split what we have done so far into 3 microservices and an API Gateway:
  * User - authentication: Simcha, Dimitar
  * Food - managing of the food (add/edit): Nina, Waded
  * Student Houses - keeping track of members (add/delete people in the house): Jorian
  * API Gateway: Dimitar, Ivan
* Synchronous relation between the microservices
* Diagram
* Create a diagram for the microservices with their corresponding API by which they will communicate: Ivan, Waded
* Make more issues, with better description(labels, weight)
* Link MR to issues
* Better MR description (what has done what)

## Finalizing

### Questions for the TA

### Any other business

### Question round

### Next Chairman: Nina

